.TH SIGENMAX2870 1 "FEB 2023" Linux/Macos "User Manuals"                                  
.SH NAME                                                                     
sigenmax2870 \-  a tool to configure  LTDZ MAX2870 signal generator compatible boards by pc, using serial port.
.SH SYNOPSIS                                                                 
.B  sigenmax2870 [-d device_path] [-f frequency_kHz] [-a amplification] [-p] 
         [-h] 
.SH DESCRIPTION                                                              
.B sigenmax2870                                                                       
 is a tool able to configure LTDZ MAX2870 signal generator compatible boards using serial port. It can cofigure frequency and amplification factor. 
.SH OPTIONS                                                       
.IP -d device
this mandatory parameter specifies the full path of the serial port associated to the signal generator board ( /dev/<device_name> ).
.IP -f frequency
this mandatory parameter specifies the frequency will be configured in kHz.
.IP -a amplification
This optional parameter specifies the amplification factor (default : 1). Legl values are 1,2,3,4 (corresponding to -4dB, -1dB, +2dB or +5dB ).
.IP -p                                                                       
For debugging purpose, this option enable command packets printing.
.IP -d                                                                       
Debug mode. Prints on stdout all the packets sent and received and their payload. Warning: activating the debug mode even the sensitive information (private keys, etc) will be printed. Be careful.
.IP -h
A short description of sigenmax2870 command line syntax.
.SH BUGS                                                                     
This program is a beta version, please report any bug to its author.
.SH AUTHOR                                                                   
Gabriele Bonacini <gabriele.bonacini@protonmail.com>
